Atlantis Disaster Game

Land types 
- Each has a score (hit points)

Power Attack Cards
- Power points of the attack card must be >= than the land's score you are attacking
- An opponent can cancel an attack with an attack of opposing elementalness
- Can steal 1/2 of the land's points by attacking the land with a power card of equal or greater value (non-opposing flavor) that your opponent is attacking
- >2 players, players can gang up on lands and split points or combine opposing flavors to block another player from winning a land.

Temple Token - Template token triples whatever land's score points it is placed on.

Power Cards
-------------
E - Earth
F - Fire
W - Water
A - Air
B - Spirit/Bio
M - Mech/Automata

Volcano - F,E - 
Tsunami - W,E -
Hurricane - A,W - 
Thunderstorm - A,W - 
Flood - W - 
Brushfire - F - 
Lighting - F,A - 
Locusts - B - 
Earthquake - E -
Tornado - A - 
Sinkhole - W,E - 
Geyser - F,W - 
Asteroid - A,E - 
Glaciate - W -
Colossus - M - 
Flaming Colossus - F,M - 
Creeping Horror - B -
Plague - A,B -
Blight - B - 
Juggernaut - E,M - 
Landslide - E - 
Avalanche - E - 
Firestorm - F - 
Catabatic - A - 
Gust - A - 
Haunting - B -
Meteor Shower - A,E - 
Mudslide - W,E -
Spontaneous Combustion - F,B - 
Dam burst - W,M - 
Desertification - F,A - 
Technology goes Awry - M - 

Event Cards
-----------

New Temple - Place a new temple token on the board
Zodiac Day of Wrath - Must attack with at least one card
Zodiac Day of Rest - Can't play a power card for your turn
Power Surge - Draw an extra power card
Atlanteans Rebuild - Put a destroyed land back into play
Cosmic convergence - Asteroids, Meteor Shower are +X 
Dry Season - Brushfire is +X
Zodiac Day of Fire - Fire powers are +X
Zodiac Day of Water - Water powers are +X
Zodiac Day of Air - Air powers are +X
Zodiac Day of Bio - Bio powers are +X
Zodiac Day of Mech - Mech powers are +X
Zodiac Day of Earth - Earth powers are +X
Zodiac Day of Fear - Any destroyed land is worth 2x points
Zodiac Day of Defiance - Any destroyed land is worth 1/2x points
Reverse Damage - Any destoryed land's points will be subtracted from an opponent of your choice - stolen points will be split
Channel Damage - You may attack your opponent, any damage done will be subtracted from their point total. Counters will subtract from that damage total.
Day of Religious Celebration - The temple land is +5 score points.
Heretic emerges - The template land is -5 score points.
Amplification - Cardinal adjacent lands take 1/2x attack power. If an adjacent land is destroyed, take that land's score points too.
Black Hole - If you wish, remove one land from play (no points) and end your turn.
Clarvoyance - Look at any opponent's hand
Divine Exchange - Swap hands with any opponent
Divine Forgetfulness - Force an opponent to discard three cards
Genesis Event - All destroyed lands are put back into play
Zodiac Day of Endings - Everyone discards all cards
Cosmic Clockwise - Every player must swap hands with the player on their left.
Bad luck - Discard a card at random
Divine Gift - Take one card from any opponent

